And now,
it begins!
I knew it.
I was already anticipating it!
I said those Silver ones
won't hold up.
The Silvers have been
digging holes all the time.
And now, should we help them
get out of there?
No-no! Let them rot
in there now!
Let them suffer there!
It serves them right.
You understand - not a single Silver
will be accepted here!
Clear, right?
Not a single Silver!
I hope no one even thinks about it.
You understand - as a group,
we've come somewhere already.
We can't let those troublemakers in here
who will ruin everything!
If they can't keep their capsules intact,
let them suffer.
The world doesn't need
such scavengers.
Soon the Violet capsule will give up,
the Turquoise capsule will give up.
Then everyone will want to come here.
Damn Vivaverse!